/* This is an SQL overview of functions, commands and uses */

/* Terms
DB - organized collection of data, stored, and retrieved digitally from
       a remote or local computer system. 
DBMS - Database management system is the system software responsible for the 
       creation, retrieval, updation, and management of the db. It ensures that data
       is organized, and easily accessible by serving as the interface between the db
       and the end user.
RDBMS - Relational DBMS store data in the form of a collection of tables, and relationships
       can be made between the common fields of these tables. *most modern DBMS are RDBMS.
SQL - the standard language for retrieving and manipulating structured databases. 
MySQL - a RDBMS
Table - an organized collection of data stored in the form of rows and columns
SQL constraints - used to specify the rules concerning data in the table. It can be 
       applied for multiple fields in an sql table during the creation of the table or 
       after creating using the ALTER TABLE command.
NOT NULL - restricts NULL values from being inserted into a columm
        Ex: CREATE TABLE Employees (
              id INT PRIMARY KEY,
              name VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
              age INT
               );
          in this example, we contrain the name field to only those with a character
          limit of 50 and no null values. So if you tried to insert a row with a null name 
          value, an error would occur. 
CHECK - Verifies that all values in a field satisfy a condition
        Ex: CREATE TABLE Products (
              id INT PRIMARY KEY,
              name VARCHAR(50),
              price DECIMAL(10,2) CHECK (price >= 0)
            );
        in this example, the field price is constrained to only values greater then 0
        so if you were to try to insert a row with a negative price value, an error would
        occur.
DEFAULT - automatically assignes a default value if no value has been specified for the field
        Ex:  CREATE TABLE Customers (
              id INT PRIMARY KEY,
              name VARCHAR(50),
              email VARCHAR(50) DEFAULT 'no email provided'
            );
        in this example, the field email is con




